# Monero
The addresses and transaction amounts of both parties in Bitcoin are public, which brings many privacy issues. To solve there issues, a new electronic trading protocol, CryptoNote v2.0, was designed in October 2013\cite{van2013cryptonote}, including two most important mechanisms, one-time ring signature and stealth address. Based on this protocol, Monero was developed in April 2014, which has received a lot of attention because of its perfect security and obfuscation mechanism. Monero is still the most widely used anonymous cryptocurrency at present.

One-time ring signature means that every transaction will contain plenty of public transactions and the real transfer will be confused in these. Transactions will be signed by the sender for verifying legality with ring signature, which makes classifying sender impossible. Besides, only the sender's transfer can be spent, so the other users do not need to aware about this trasaction\cite{van2013cryptonote}. Through this method, MoneroV can protect the sender's privacy and transfer amount effectively.

Stealth address is a random address generation algorithm, which means the transfer recipient address is generated by the recipient's public key and a random number. Everyone on the chain can see the random transaction address, but using the recipient's private key is the only way to spend this transaction legally\cite{van2013cryptonote}. In this way, MoneroV can complete a transfer without leaking recipient information.



@misc{van2013cryptonote,
  title={CryptoNote v 2.0},
  author={Van Saberhagen, Nicolas},
  year={2013}
}

@article{noether2015ring,
  title={Ring SIgnature Confidential Transactions for Monero.},
  author={Noether, Shen},
  journal={IACR Cryptology ePrint Archive},
  volume={2015},
  pages={1098},
  year={2015}
}

@misc{moneroshortcomings, title={Lets talk about moneros disadvantages.}, url={https://www.reddit.com/r/Monero/comments/611jtu/lets_talk_about_moneros_disadvantages/}, journal={reddit}, publisher={SamsungGalaxyPlayer}, year={2017}, month={Mar}}


@book{hankerson2006guide,
  title={Guide to elliptic curve cryptography},
  author={Hankerson, Darrel and Menezes, Alfred J and Vanstone, Scott},
  year={2006},
  publisher={Springer Science \& Business Media}
}

# One-time public key
The complete trading mechanism in Zerocash protects the privacy of users on the chain efficiently, but public key itself may still cause some privacy issues in off-chain use scenarios. To solve this issue, we propose a method of using a one-time public key, which may change frequently, so that minimize the possibility of off-chain privacy attacks.

In our one-time public key mechanism, a user can user his private key, which should be stored safely, and a random number to generate a random public key and make it public. Since the public key is random and cannot be used to reverse the original private key, the risk of privacy leaks is minimized. When the user needs to send a transaction, the one-time public key and private key is enough to generate a legal signature without the random numbers or other unnecessary information.

The elliptic curve cryptography is the core of one-time public key mechanism. In this algorithm, generating a random publick key and signing a transaction with private key only need very little resources. However, it is impossible to unsolve the private key or forge a transaction signature only with a public key\cite{hankerson2006guide}. Therefore, this mechanism is feasible and supported by cryptography.